Product State
Group 3 REDACTED
Anh Tran, Lisa Taylor, Nathaniel Toporek


User stories
US1. As a Program Chair, I want to view a list of all submitted manuscripts
US1 is fully implemented. The manuscripts are indexed in the Conference class and handled by the Program Chair in the GeneralUI class.


US2. As a Program Chair, I want to make an acceptance decision on a submitted manuscript.
US2 is fully implemented in the ProgramChair class.

US3. As an Author, I want to submit a manuscript to a conference.
US3 is fully implemented. The manuscripts are added in the Conference Class and is handled by and Author in the GeneralUI class.

US4. As a Reviewer, I want to submit a review for a manuscript to which I have been assigned.
US4 is implemented, but its functionality has not been tested. The Reviewer class creates the Review and is stored in the Manuscript class.

US5. As a Program Chair, I want to see which papers are assigned to which Subprogram chairs.
US5 is fully implemented in the Program Chair class.

US6. As a Program Chair I want to designate a Subprogram Chair for a manuscript.
US6 is fully implemented in the Program Chair class.

US7. As a Subprogram Chair, I want to assign a reviewer to a manuscript to which I have been assigned.
US7 is implemented in the SubprogramChair class.

US8. As an Author I want to unsubmit a manuscript.
US8 is fully implemented. The Author class calls the unsubmit method and is handled in the GeneralUI class

US9. As a Subprogram Chair, I want to submit my recommendation for a paper.
US9 is fully implemented in the SubprogramChair and Recommendation classes.

US10. As an Author, I want to make changes to my submission.
US10 is fully implemented in the Author class.

US11. As a user, I want to log in.
US11 is fully implemented in the driver and RegisteredUser class



Business rules
BR1. For each conference, only one user is the Program Chair.
BR1 is enforced in the conference class.

BR2. A user becomes an Author only by submitting a manuscript.
BR2 is enforced using the Role class.

BR3. A user can take on more than one role for a given conference.
BR3 is enforced in the Conference class.

BR4. An Author cannot review his or her own paper.
BR3 is enforced in the author class.

BR5. A Subprogram Chair cannot be designated for a paper that he or she authored.
BR4 is enforced in the Conference class.

BR6. A Reviewer cannot review a paper that he or she authored.
BR6 is enforced in the Conference class.

BR7. A Reviewer can only access those manuscripts assigned to him or her.
BR7 enforcement is implemented, but has not been tested

BR8. A Reviewer can only access the reviews that he or she submits.
BR8 enforcement is implemented, but has not not tested

BR9. An Author can only access his or her submitted manuscripts and reviews for these manuscripts.
BR9 is not fully enforced. The Author can't access reviews, but can view the manuscripts

BR10. A Reviewer can be assigned to review a maximum of 4 papers to review for any conference.
BR10 is not currently enforced

BR11. A Subprogram Chair can be designated no more than 4 papers for any conference.
BR10 is not currently enforced

BR12. Authors can only access reviews after the program chair has made a decision
BR10 is not currently enforced

BR13. All paper submissions must be made on or before the submission deadline.
BR10 is not currently enforced



Known Bugs
1. The User is logged out after each action, returning to the login screen.
2. When User inputs an empty string, the program will crash.
3. Back option in menu is non-functional.
4. Menu will add a second Author options menu below the first one after second Manuscript is added.